.. _v4.0-release-notes:

v4.0 Release Notes
==================

Administrative changes
----------------------

- `Breaking Changes`_

New Features
------------

- `Global Batch Connect items`_

Thanks!
-------

We'd like to thank a bunch of folks' for contributing to this release.
As we only know the github username, that's what's being referenced here.



Details of administrative changes
---------------------------------

Breaking Changes
................

Autoloading during initialization has been removed.
***************************************************

.. include:: autoload.inc

NavConfig has been removed.
***************************

.. include:: navconfig.inc

whitelist & blacklist configs have been removed.
************************************************

.. include:: allowlist.inc

Announcements are dismissable by default.
*****************************************

In 4.0 :ref:`configure_announcements` now have the ability to be ``dismissable``.
Meaning users can press ``OK`` on the announment and it will no longer appear
on the pages.

In prior versions of Open OnDemand there was no way to dismiss or get rid of announcements.
Now in version 4.0, not only is there a way to dismiss announcements, announcements
themselves are ``dismissable`` by default.

The documentation for :ref:`configure_announcements` has been updated with this new feature.

Batch connect form ids are now lowercase.
*****************************************

To resolve some bugs with :ref:`dynamic-bc-apps`, batch connect form
items will now force lowercase HTML IDs.  This may break some javascript
at centers expecting the HTML id of the form item to be a mix of uppercase
and lowercase.

This is an example of defining a form item with uppercase keys like ``My_Cool_Form_Item``.

.. code-block:: yaml

  ---
  form:
    My_Cool_Form_Item

In this example ``My_Cool_Form_Item`` has uppercase characters, however the HTML
id of the form item will be lowercase as shown below.

.. code-block:: html

  id="batch_connect_session_context_my_cool_form_item"

Dependency updates
..................



SELinux changes
...............


Upgrade directions
..................



Details of new features
-----------------------

Global Batch Connect items
..........................

In 4.0 you can now define batch connect form items
in ondemand.d files to be used in any batch connect
application.

See :ref:`global_bc_form_items` for more details.
